fix(load-balancer): add new info and reorganise existing (#934)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/concepts.mdx

## Backends

> Each Load Balancer has one or several backends. A backend is a configuration used by the Load Balancer to forward traffic to its destination servers. Each backend uses the specified configuration (port, protocol, proxy protocol etc) to forward traffic to its designated [backend servers](#backend-servers). For more information about configuring your Load Balancer's backend(s), see our [dedicated documentation](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-backend).

Author: Is this new version OK for you?

> Each Load Balancer has one or several backends. A backend is a configuration used by the Load Balancer to forward traffic to its destination servers. Each backend uses the specified configuration (port, protocol, proxy protocol etc) to forward traffic to its designated [backend servers](#backend-servers). For more information about configuring your Load Balancer's backend(s), see our [dedicated documentation](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-backend).

Reviewer: Yep it's nice :)

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Certificate

> An certificate (aka SSL certificate / TLS certificate / TLS/SSL certificate) is a digital certificate that enables an encrypted connection between a client and a web server. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A certificate (aka SSL certificate / TLS certificate / TLS/SSL certificate) is a digital certificate that enables an encrypted connection between a client and a web server. 
```

<Message type="tip">

>   You may hear certificates referred to as "SSL certificates", "TLS certificates" or "TLS/SSL certificates". These are all the same thing. SSL was the protocol initially used for encryption, though modern certificates in fact use TLS (Transport Layer Security) as the encryption protocol.

Reviewer: Be careful, it's not the certificate that uses an encryption protocol. The certificate is used by the encryption protocol to verify the server is legit. Here I would say "SSL (Secured Socket Layer) was the protocol initially used for encryption, though it has now been replaced with TLS (Transport Layer Security) as the encryption protocol.

</Message>

> You can [add a  certificate](/network/load-balancer/how-to/add-certificate) to your Load Balancer's frontend to enable the Load Balancer to encrypt/decrypt incoming traffic, necessary for [SSL bridging and SSL offloading configurations](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer). Scaleway Load Balancer enables you to generate a Let's Encrypt certificate, or import a third-party or self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: The load balancer is decrypting incoming client traffic and encrypting outgoing client traffic.

Author: corrected

## Load Balancers

> [Load Balancers](/network/load-balancer/how-to/create-load-balancer/) are highly available and fully managed instances that allow you to distribute workload across multiple servers. They ensure the scaling of all your applications while securing their continuous availability, even in the event of heavy traffic. They are commonly used to improve the performance and reliability of web sites, applications, databases and other services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Load Balancers](/network/load-balancer/how-to/create-load-balancer/) are highly available and fully managed instances that allow you to distribute workload across multiple servers. They ensure the scaling of all your applications while securing their continuous availability, even in the event of heavy traffic. They are commonly used to improve the performance and reliability of websites, applications, databases and other services.
```

## SSL bridging

> [SSL bridging](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-load-balancer-for-ssl-bridging) removes SSL-based encryption from HTTPS traffic coming into the Load Balancer (as with SSL offloading), but then initiates a new SSL connection to re-encrypt traffic between the Load Balancer and the backend servers.

Author: new version OK?

> [SSL bridging](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-load-balancer-for-ssl-bridging) removes SSL-based encryption from HTTPS traffic coming into the Load Balancer (as with SSL offloading), but then initiates a new SSL connection to re-encrypt traffic between the Load Balancer and the backend servers.

Reviewer: OK with that.

> [SSL bridging](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-load-balancer-for-ssl-bridging) removes SSL-based encryption from HTTPS traffic coming into the Load Balancer (as with SSL offloading), but then initiates a new SSL connection to re-encrypt traffic between the Load Balancer and the backend servers.

Reviewer: Just a short modification, I would say "configuration pattern" rather than "pattern". Other than that it's good.

</Concept>

<Concept>

## SSL offloading

> [SSL offloading](/network/load-balancer/reference-content/configuring-load-balancer#configuring-a-load-balancer-for-ssl-offloading) removes SSL-based encryption from HTTPS traffic coming into the Load Balancer.

Reviewer: Again here it gives the feeling we are just talking about SSL which is not the case. SSL offloading is a pattern where the load balancer terminates encrypted connection at the frontend, effectively decrypting incoming traffic with the intention to forward it unencrypted to the backend servers. This effectively offloads the work of decrypting traffic from the backend server to the load balancer.
